Hyperlint Automation: Meta Description Fixes (#20697)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/ssl/edge-certificates/universal-ssl/limitations.mdx

pcx_content_type: reference
sidebar:
  order: 5

> description: Discover the limitations of Universal SSL certificates, including hostname coverage, CNAME setup, certificate authority, validity period, and TLS settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Review the limitations of Universal certificates, such as hostname coverage, certificate authority  choice, and compatibility with other products.
```
